1.....................can be defined as an act involves mental process at a conscious level in choosing the course of desired result:

A. Organizing             B. Directing         C. Deciding         D. Stuff 


2.One of the following is not purpose of hydraulic gun.

A. Create vacuum. 
B. Convert hydraulic to mechanical.
C. Develop hydraulic pressure.    
D. Convert Me. E to hydro. En


3.Working oxygen sensor tip has a............................... color.

A. Whit         B. Black          C. Red           D. Light gray


4.One of the following does not include the OHS requirement

A. Use of hand tools and equipment      
B. Work place and safety      
C. Work place and safety planning of activities.      
D. Protective clothing and equipment


5.All are the modification requirement of steering system except

A. Proper steering effort.     
B. Reduce transmission of shock from the road surface.    
C. Smooth recovery       
D. Excellent maneuverability


6.The following modification increase vehicle speed except
A. Increase the number of gear shift       
B. Modified large rotor head diameter.    
C. Modified large piston diameter.     
D. Modified large wheel diameter


7.The following are functions of management except

A. Decision making      B. Planning.     C. Organizing.    D. Advertising


8.How do you determine the human resources involves for your project

A. Assess the skill and the number of employees needed for the work
B. Feedback from the department
C. Asking a colleague
D. Interest of the manager


9.which of the following is not categorized as resource

A. Stuff.          B. Equipment.      C. Organizing      D. Sales target


10. In electronics the use of volts, ohms, meter/voltage/ is

A. To test the fuel pump out put
B. To test the sensors/actuators/
C. To test the battery charge 
D. To test the carburetor discharge


11. Which one of the following is not an engine system?

A. Charging system.          B. Brake system.         C. Cooling system.       D. Fuel system


12. Which component of engine management system is not a sensor?

A. Transmission fluid sensor
B. Knock sensor
C. Crank shaft position sensor
D. Hot air flow sensor 


13. Why we use ECU computer and software on vehicle?

A. To write and to read document we store
B. To assessing and working maintenance
C. Settings targets and interpreting financial documents and reports
D. To record and manage data and to produce reports


14 Resource exclude 

A. Staff           B. Money.        C. Equipment.       D. Customer


15 In automatic transmission the shifting range is according to except:

A. P - parking positions.      B. R - reverse position.      C. N - neutral          D. A - automatic


16. Mechanical modification may not include

A. Adapts or modifies the mechanical system(s)
B. Adapts vehicle mechanical systems for different work
C. Adapts existing mechanical systems to new technology
D. Adapting or modifying electro-mechanical systems


17. Team communication and cooperation exclude.

A. Manual concern
B. Leader ship decision
C. Open communication
D. Sharing information


18. When we say literacy skills 

A. To interpret legal requirements, company policies, and procedures in day-to-day demands
B. Assessing the work out comes
C. Identifying appropriate, resources and monitor work
D. For performance information, setting targets and interpreting financial documents and reports


19. Planning skills

A. To organize required resources and equipment
B. To provide supports to colleagues
C. To organize information, assess information
D. To conduct small group training sessions 


20. Which of the following is not features of air suspension system

A. Self damping
B. Improves ride comfort, and greater safety of load
C. Constant vehicle height regardless of the load
D. Progressive spring characteristics


21. Which one of the following is not anti-theft system on vehicle?

A. Central locking system
B. Vehicle immobilizer system
C. Alarm system
D. Adaptive cruise control


22. From this the given systematic malfunction diagnosis methods. Which one is not fault in?

A. Asking personal manager
B. Visual check and noise level testing
C. Fault memory read out
D. Customer information


23. Which one is not included in driver assistance system?

A. Cruise control system
B. Navigation system
C. Parking assistance system
D. Air bag system


24. Which is not feature the data bus transmission in motor vehicle?

A. Transmit information using information (bits)
B. Less space required for wire harnesses
C. At least two lines required for each pieces of information
D. Extended electronic dynamics capability of actuator


25. Which one indicates the right order?

A. Planning - organizing - evaluating - controlling
B. Controlling - organizing - evaluating - planning
C. Planning - organizing - controlling - evaluating
D. Planning - evaluating - controlling - organizing


26. Electronic drive management system does not include

A. Electronic controls of automatic transmission
B. Electronic components of drive line control system
C. 4WD applications such as automatic freewheeling hubs, differential and axle
D. Electronic controlled steering system


27. The following are the responsibility of the operation manager except

A. Steering measurable objectives
B. Planning work activities
C. Implementing the plan
D. Work as a technical staff


28. Electronically constructed transmission and power train management system include except:

A. Automatic transmission
B. Differential and axle lock
C. Trans mission synchronizer 
D. Automatic freewheel hub

29. Preparing for diagnosis of automotive vehicle procedures are:

A. Listening problems - inspection - information gathering - selecting probable cause
B. Inspection - information gathering - listening problems - selecting probable cause
C. Information gathering - inspection - listening problems - selecting probable cause
D. Information gathering - listening problems - selecting probable cause - inspection


30. The following are list of customer except:

A. Internal and external customer.    B. Competitor.   C. Board member.       D. Supervisor     


31. The importance of tagging and making decisions of components is 

A. To write the part number of the component
B. To raise time of tracking their prior position
C. To install back to their original position
D. To put parts randomly


 32.To loosen cylinder head and crank shaft main journal bolts you start

A. At the center and loose out wards to the end 
B. At any point and loose cross wise
C. At left end and move to the right in parallel
D. From outside and loosen in wards to the center


 33.What happens the engine oil is no changed on its planned service time?

A. Increase the life span of an engine
B. Increase the power of an engine
C. Increase engine part wear
D. Reduce maintenance cost

34. Crank pin taperness can be obtained to:

A. Measuring crank pin diameter at two engine and taking the difference
B. Measuring crank pin diameter at center along two axis abs taking the difference
C. Measuring crank pin diameter and cornering and diameter center and taking the difference
D. Measuring crank pin diameter at one end strong two axis and taking the difference


35. The importance of leakage tester is 

A. To measure the mechanical resistance open engine
B. To know the amount of carbon deposit in an engine combustion chamber
C. To identify and pin point the problem area
D. To know the compression pressure of the engine cylinder


36. Black exhaust gas released from the diesel engine

A. Lean mixture.    B. Oil inter in the combustion chamber.     C. Reach mixture.    D. Worn piston ring


37. In four cylinders. Four stroke engines having firing order 1-3-4-2 and cylinder no 2 is at the end of compression. What would be the condition of the intake valve of the third cylinder?

A. About to lose.     B. Fully open.    C. Start of open.    D. Totally closed.


38. Which one of the following is not resources

A. Power.     B. Energy.    C. Customer.    D. All 

39. In automatic transmission torque convertor performs via 

A.gas power 
B. mechanical linkage 
C. electric power
D. fluid power

40.An engine is running so rich indicated by black smoke coming out the tail pipe in this typicalcase the engine is not idling and the problem is not intermittent what could the most likely case 

A.MAP sensor hooked 
B.Thermostat keeps engine to cold
C. Oxygen sensor dead
D. fuel pressure way too high

41. Temperature warning lamps on while the engine is cranking the most likely cases can be

A. prove-out (test) circuit grounds the lamp
B. sending unit contacts are closed 
C. sending unit contacts are open 
D. sending unit resistance is low

42. Customer comes in for a 30,000mile service. While completing the service ,the technician notes that thevehicle will soon need the front brake pads replaced .which of these is the best way to address this need with thecustomer?

 
A. Note the technician comments on the customer repairer order 
B. Call the customer and offer to complete the repair explaining why it is needed

