
1. a vehicle abs light remains on while driving. service consultant "a" says that while the light is on ,the abs system will still function. service consultant "b" says that while the light is on the mechanical brake systemstill function. who is right? 

a. a only
b. b only
c. both a and b 
d. neither a nor b

2.being a supervisor or a manager makes you responsible to some extent of the work and being in such a position ,you should possesses a personal qualities that can help you work with others in the work place as stated below
but one is not and name it:

a. being faulty finder
b. work hard to reach the goals and monitor your progress 
c. do quality work 
d. display high standard of attendance, honesty, energy and option

3. to be a good team player, you need to

a. learn to work well with other and do your owen share of the work 
b. mind your owen and don„¢t mind also your co-workers 
c. tell others that you are the boss 
d. encourage other to work alone

4. wiper motor failed to stop (keeping in running) even if the vehicle in parking the probable cause: 

a. wiper motor defective 
b. defective wiper motor switch
c. short or ground of wiper
d. corroded wire

5. wiper motor failed to stop ( keeping in running) one of the following is not cause: 

a. wiper motor defective 
b. defective wiper motor switch
c. open wire of wiper motor
d. corroded wire

6. the engine exhausts the black smoke, the engine at idle

a. oxygen sensor dead
b.map sensor 
c. crank shaft position sensor 

7._____________ is not the basic sensor to up shift transmission

a. knock sensor
b. speed sensor 
c. load sensor

8. which component of engine management system not a sensor 

a. transmission fluid sensor
b. knock sensor  
c. air flow sensor 
d.cps sensor 

9. the following are the responsibility of operation manager, except

a. planning work activities 
b. setting measurable objectives
c.work as technical staff 
d. implementing the plan

10. which one of the following is not anti-theft system on vehicle? 

a .central locking system
b. vehicle immobilizer  
c. alarm system
d .adaptive cruise control

11. from the given systematic malfunction diagnosis methods, which one is not fault indicator?

a. asking personnel manager
b .visual check and noise level testing 
c. fault memory read out 
d. customer information


12. planning skills

a. to organize required resources and equipment
b. to provide support to colleagues
c. to organize information; assess information for 
d. to conduct small group training sessions

13.which one of the following sensor common sensor for abs,tcs,esc 

a. throttle position sensor 
b. camshaft position sensor 
c. wheel speed sensor
d. all

14.____ is not basic reason why employee do not perform way 

a. lack of skill 
b. lack of information
c. conductive environment
d. motivation issues


15. diagnosing a problem in any vehicle system has certain plan of action among those plan of which one come first: 

a. isolate the cause 
b. repair the problem
c. verify the customer complaint
d. identify the the system


16. electronic stability control esc

a. help directional stability
b. steering angle sensor  
c. operate at the low speed 
d.a & b


17. which part of ac system cause to recalculate refrigerant in the system

a. compressor
b. condenser 
c. blower 
d. evaporator 


18. when do you find high pressure gasses in the ac system b/n: 

a. compressor and condenser
b. compressor and evaporator  
c. expansion valve and evaporator 
d. blower and receiver dryer 

19. most new vehicle manufacturers today use refrigerant 

a.cfc-12
b.hfc-134a
c.a & b
d. none

20.________controls the flow and pressure of the refrigerant in the ac systems

a. expansion valve
b. compressor 
c. receiver 
d. evaporator

21. which one is not supervisor role? 

a. role model 
b. teachers
c. punisher
d. monitor 

22._______every action should plan identify resources which one is not resource 

a. people 
b. time 
c. money
d. tight atmosphere

23. which one is not included in driver assistance system?
 
a.cruise control system
b.navigation system 
c.parking assistance system
d.air bag system

24. conducting air suspension system balance adjustment primarily deals with: 

a. compressor output increment
b. unbalanced air suspension is identified
c. decreasing air bag pressure 
d. adjusting air regulator control valve

25. preparing for diagnosis of automotive vehicle procedures are: 

a. listing problems, inspection, information gathering, selecting probable cause 
b. inspection, information gathering, listing problems, selecting probable cause
c. information, inspection, listing problems, selecting the probable cause
d. information, listing problems, selecting the probable cause, inspection

26. the following are list of customers except:

a. internal & external customer
b. competitor
c. board member 
d. supervisor 

27. resources exclude:

a. staff 
b. money 
c. equipment
d. customer

28. a common feature of manual transmission and electronic transmission/automatictransmission 

a. gear box
b. hand brake
c. fluid sensor 
d. selector lever 

29. the system that allows abs system to control wheel spin during acceleration 

a. anti-lock brake system 
b. traction control system
c. stability control system 
d. steering control system

30. to provide service quality can be related to
service potential it describes:

a. worker's qualifications
b. the quickness of service 
c. customer satisfaction

31. a number of tracks having different maintenance arrived would you give priority if you havea lack of labor force 

a.trucka which has 2000km left for its annual service
b. truck b which has2000km left for preventive maintenance 
c. truck c which its service time reached b/n unloaded 
d. truck d which is loaded and service time reached

32. engine system is responsible for engine proper operation but, one is not responsible enginesystem

a. transmission
b. engine 
c. differential 
d. transfer case

33._____ is not methods of communication 

a. face-to faces 
b. telephone/voice mail 
c.e-mail
d. telescoping

34. anti-lock braking system can significantly reduce the chance of skid occurring particularly when ____________  

a. driving at high speed 
b. driving down steep hills
c. heavy braking in an emergency
d. normal braking

35. electronically constructed transmission and power train management system include
except

a. automatic transmission 
b. differential &axle lock  
c. transmission synchronizer
d. automatic free wheel hub

36. which of the following elaborate the concept of new technology appropriately? 

a. utilize the existing system
b. solving the problems of societies
c. increasing cost consumption 
d. increasing human effort

37. which of the following elaboratically controlled system is used to correct the motion
of vehicle in drivers? 

a. anti-lock brake system (abs)
b. electronic stability control (esc)
c. door locks system 
d. traction control system (tcs)

38. which of the following is among basic tests an automotive technician should do beforeconfirming what is needed to repair? 

a. chassis dynamometer 
b. dynamometer test 
c. bore inspection
d. visual inspection

39. technical information except

a. organizational quality standard
b. personal skill
c. manufacture specification 
d. industry standard

40. driving management system on a vehicle
except

a. traction control system (tcs)
b. door locks system
c. anti-lock brake system (abs) 
d. electronic stability control (esc)

41. technician "a" says that 3 brushes wipers motors allow the motor in the forward and reversedirection for hidden wipers. 
technician "b" says the 3 brushes are used to provide high/low speedcontrol who is correct? 

a both technical a&b 
b. technical a only
c. technical b only
d. neither technical a nor b

42. refering to the window grid diagram above in question, a voltmeter shows 12.6volts on boththe right and left sides of defogger grid lines, this indicates

a. an open ground connection
b. normal readings
c. a single grid has on open 
d. an open in the b side of the circuit