
1. sensor used to detect abnormal engine vibration 

a.map sensor 
c.knock sensor 
b.speed sensor 
d. temperature sensor 

2. the first step of management planning process

a.identify resource 
c. prepare time-line
b.set the goal
d. identify the site building re

3. quality standard exclude

a.materials 
c. product
b.service
d.capital

4. indicate how much income should be received from specific operations of activities

a.time b. cost c.revenue d. data

5. the correct order of planning and work plan activities

a.set object schedule monitoring implement
evaluation
b.monitoring set object implement schedule
evaluation
c.set object schedule evaluation implement
monitoring
d.set object scheduleimplement monitoring
evaluation

6. most effective plans are

a.complete b. brood c.simple d. wide. 

7.the following are true about electronic transmission exclude"

a.it has manual gear transmission
b.it has used solenoid
c.it has controlled by ecu
d.it has used sensor

8. road -safety system and drive system except 

a. abs b. tcs c. esp d. central “ door “ locking system

9. which of the following are types of theft- deterrent system exclude? 

a.central door locking system
b.alarm system
c.immobilizers
d.power- windows

10. the following are comfort and convenience system on a vehicle except 

a.cruise control
b.seat adjustment
c.abs
d.steering column adjustment

11. electronic control of automatic gear selection is depends on,except

a.engine torque
b.throttle valve or air mass
c.vehicle road speed
d.engine speed

12.immobilizer is designed to prevent vehicle theft by disabling the engine, mostly found on

a. abs 
b.key
c. dash “ board 
d. sensor

13. the main function of anti lock “ brake system is

a.prevent skidding
b.prevent spinning of wheels
c.prevent traction of tire with road
d.controlvehicle speed

14. the following are actuator except 

a. idle control valve 
b. injector 
c.ignition coils
d. air flow meter

15. the correct order of diagnosis electronic controlled vehicle services are

a. prepare vehicle,give guidance conduct inspection test performance
b.conduct inspection prepare vehicle give guidance test performance
c. prepare vehicle conduct inspection give guidance test performance
d. test performance prepare vehicle conduct inspection give guidance

16.planning should be except"

a.efficient 
b. transparent 
c.exclusive
d. logical

17. the following are true about electronic transmission exclude 

a. it has manual gear transmission
b. it has used solenoid
c. it has controlled by ecu
d. it has used sensor

18.road -safety system and drive system expect,

a. abs b. tcs c. esp d.central “ door “ locking system

19. which of the following are types of theft- deterrent system exclude?

a.central door locking system
b.alarm system
c. immobilizers
d. power- windows

20.when we use scan tool must be programmed for  except "

a. model year of a vehicle
b. make of vehicle
c. type of engine
d. number of cylinder

21. a diagnostic micro processor designed to communicate with the vehicle computer
a.dynamometer
b.multi-meter
c.scan tool
d.obd

22. the following is the most impact in any work place activity to create a good atmospheric
area than the other

a.skill b. knowledge c.attitude d. communication

23. the following is no t anti “ theft system

a. alarm system b. door locking 
c. adaptive crucial system
d. immobilizer system

24. the correct order of diagnostic vehicle

a.information “ inspect “ list problem “ write the solution
b. inspect “ list problem “ write the solution - information
c.list problem “ write the solution - information “ inspect
d.write the solution- information “ inspect “ list problem

25. a document that manage to perform the activity of servicing, repairing inspecting and providing other jobs isa company to full fill the customer need is

a.service manual 
b.technical guidance
c. repair manual 
d. data

26. dtc-describes

a. direct trouble cod b.diagnosis trouble cod
c. diagnosis time cod  d. data time cod

27. which of the following is not features of air suspension system 

a. self damping
b. improves ride comfort and greater safety of the load.
c .constant vehicle height regardless of the load d. progressive spring characteristic

28.without an rpm signal to the computer on an efi engine ?

a. the system will go into back up mod
b. the engine will not run
c. the engine will run, but it will be sluggish 
d. the engine will start, but run very rich

29.the service time/mileage of a vehicle is indicated by 

a. the speedometer 
b. the trip meter  
c. tachometer
d. the odometer

30. all of these are maintenance items except

 a. water pump leak 
b. transmission flush 
c. 60k service
d. tire rotation

31. during evaluating workers performance as a work shop manager: 

a. you should focus on the approach and relation of the workers
b.you should gather and use all the information that you have been recorded about the worker
c. focus on the job performed on the evaluation day
d. you should give the same evaluation result for every worker 

32. which phases are used to make an invitation ?

a. i was wondering if you could do the job 
b. would you mind giving me a hand?
c. would you like to attend the conference 
d. please have this box deliver 

33. a desirable trait that will help the worker to be successful in the job 

a. dishonest 
b. insincerely 
c. negligent
d. reliability

34. when you encounter a difficult customer in a workshop, the following are some of the appropriate things todo except one

a. service them quickly but politely 
b. talk in pleasant tone of voice 
c.send them out if they don™t listen to you
d. keep a friendly face

35. the three basic tests an automotive technician should do before confirming what is needed to repair thevehicle are listed below
except one

a. road test
b. owner™s hand book 
c. aural /noise 
d. visual

36. a customer requests that the timing be adjusted on their vehicle the service consultant should: 

a. explain that ignition timing may not adjusted
b. quote a price for the request 
c. suggest new spark plugs with the service 
d.ask the customer about their vehicle symptoms

37. traction control will intervene to maintain stability of the vehicle and the control of tractive force can be by anumber of methods as indicated below except one

a. transmission control
b. ignition control
c. braking effect 
d. throttle control

38. which of the following is not included in the plan of electrical section head 

a. spare part needed for maintenance and repair b. human resource requirements for the auto-electric section
c. finance and budget for salary
d. quality service providing program

39. of the following is important when ordering an electrical part for purchase 

a. service manual b. data book 
c. part catalog d. vehicle history card

40. a programmed maintenance which is carried out before the the occurrence of failures or to detect failure before they develop to a break down is referred as 

a. corrective maintenance
b. preventive maintenance
c. improvement maintenance 
d. condition based maintenance

41. which of the following sensor directly measure engine load?

a. manifold absolute pressure sensor
b. coolant sensor  
c. throttle position sensor
d. vehicle speed sensor 

42. precision of test equipment means the followingexcept one

a. careful and exact
b. undetermined result
c. free from mistake or errors
d. adhering closely to a standard

40. customer comes in for a 30,000mile service. while completing the service ,the technician notes that thevehicle will soon need the front brake pads replaced .which of these is the best way to address this need with thecustomer?

 
a. note the technician comments on the customer repairer order 
b. call the customer and offer to complete the repair explaining why it is needed